here we're gonna deal with roasting pork
and getting perfect crackling so a piece
of pork I'm roasting is a rolled loin
joint but this method applies to any
piece of pork with skin that you want to
get crispy crackling off so be it leg
shoulder pork belly exactly the same
method applies so we brush the skin
quite liberally with oil and what
theyõre does is as it heats up it
renders the fat out of the skin and
helps it blister and then you season it
liberally with salt so there are two
schools of roasting pork and to get
perfect crackling one is to start it
really high then lower the temperature
in the oven the other is to start it low
and then heat it up at the end
personally I like to start it high
why because I think if you start it
higher there's less chance of the meat
drying out because you're not heating it
up at the end but saying that if you're
crackling isn't perfect by the end you
can always turn the heat right up at the
end just to finish off the skin
blistering so here's a joint and as you
can see perfect crackling
you